README.md, before:

# new meetup survey

View and analyze the results of a Google Survey in python.

## Madpy

Madpy is a new python user group based in Madison, WI. We conducted
a survey about what people wanted to see in the meetings. This repo
contains some basic python code for viewing and understanding
the results of the survey in python.

## Google authentication steps

This repo uses `gspread` to download the results of the Google Survey via
Google's Sheet API. To use `gspread` you first need to create a new project in
the Google Developer console, and enable the API for Google Sheets.

The next step is to create and download new service account credentials. Place
these credentials in a file named 'madpy-service-account-key.json' in the root
of this repo. **Do not** save this file in the repo.

The final step is to allow this new service account to access the results of
the Google Survey. Inside this json file should be a strange looking, machine
generated email address. Go to the Google Sheet containing the results of the
Google Survey and add as a collaborator the email address associated with the
service account.

Commit message:

Examples of invoke tasks in README

README.md, after:

# new meetup survey

View and analyze the results of a Google Survey in python.

## Madpy

Madpy is a new python user group based in Madison, WI. We conducted a survey about what people wanted to see in the meetings. This repo contains some basic python code for viewing and understanding the results of the survey in python.

## Google authentication steps

This repo uses `gspread` to download the results of the Google Survey via Google's Sheet API. To use `gspread` you first need to create a new project in the Google Developer console, and enable the API for Google Sheets.

The next step is to create and download new service account credentials. Place these credentials in a file named 'madpy-service-account-key.json' in the root of this repo. **Do not** save this file in the repo.

The final step is to allow this new service account to access the results of the Google Survey. Inside this json file should be a strange looking, machine generated email address. Go to the Google Sheet containing the results of the Google Survey and add as a collaborator the email address associated with the service account.

## Using invoke to download survey questions and responses

    $ inv responses questions  # run the invoke tasks "responses" and "questions"

Helpful invoke commands:

    $ invoke --list  # see available tasks
    $ inv -l         # same as above
    $ inv -h [task]  # get help on particular task
